App Idea: Gymspiration (title in progress) 

My app idea is a fitness app targeted towards users who are mostly focused on getting more fitness into their lives, whether it is just going to the gym a few times a week or gaining muscle. The concept of this app came from analyzing multiple fitness and weight loss apps that are mostly targeted towards users who are focused on losing weight, through calorie counting, clean eating, etc. 

This fitness app targets users individual goals and will create a workout plan for people who aim to either go to the gym or body weight exercises. The ideal users for this app will not want to count calories, but use a simple app to provide a work out plan and serve as a reminder for people to put in fitness work. This app is inspired by those who have trouble gaining weight and want to gain muscle mass.

The activity that I want to observe is how a user can look for fitness exercises that focus on gaining muscle and building strenght. I will be asking my interviewee to look through websites to find a fitness plan for their goals, or to just search for workouts in general that will help them become more physically fit. 

Traditionally, the most popular fitness and health apps are calorie-counting and food based. There are fitness specific apps, but those do not create a fitness plan for you, but are just one-time exercise plans. I would be attempting to create a hybrid style calorie counting app, that offers a workout diary and also provides general food recommendations (without a calorie counting feature) and fitness app, that will provide fitness plans that vary weekly, monthly, etc. and are shaped towards the consumers' goals. 

In app form, the user would be reminded more often about what they need to do and hopeful be inspired daily to work on their goals. Instead of searching online right before going to the gym, having the instructions there with simple videos of how to do them would make things much more productive and easy for the consumer. 


Target User:

The target user for this app is not focused on losing weight or counting calories; they simply want to improve their lifestyle through learning how to implement fitness into their lives. The common user for this app is not too focused on their bodily appearance but want to maintain a healthy lifestyle, or gain muscle mass, and want an easy and accessible way to do it. 
Other common characteristics of these users would be skinny, and people who find it hard to gain weight but are still a bit unhealthy through lack of exercise and possibly bad diet. 


Research Methods and Plan:

The plan is to interview someone of the target demographic and ask them to do some searches online about how to find fitness plans. I want to be able to see what their goals are, if they are not interested in losing weight or drastic life style changes. Oftentimes users who are not too serious about weight loss and just want something to keep them accountable to a healthier lifestyle have a hard time defining their goals themselves. I want to be able to see how users interact with the web to find fitness information and exercise plans. I will be evaluating how easy the information is to access, and how best to present this information in a way that appeals to the consumer. 


Link to field research transcript (general outline, modified and added impromptu questions during interview) : 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qCrEVI_R_6IGYEMmPggQ0nzBuxz8mNxrsU3oYy6LAaw/edit?usp=sharing

Link to Video of Interview:

https://youtu.be/mm2gWmLOzP4

Link to Transcript:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1thBfCIFjH59_c8ZWYmTdscMNdrMD44XUL0nXkf512sQ/edit?usp=sharing
