Summary of Results:

The process went quite smoothly; since the person I interviewed was someone I knew before, I had a general understanding of what their fitness routines were like because she is part of the same organization that I am in, Dragonboat. The questions I asked were free flowing during the process; I prompted questions as the conversation moved forward and it ultimately gave me a better understanding of my target user.

The main things I learned from this interview is that for someone who is more focused on general fitness, and not calorie counting, they would like an app that is more particularly focused on workouts and alternatives to workouts they are not physically able to do yet. I also learned that visuals are more motivational than just text. For these users, some of them have never really had to work out before so visual aids are very useful to help them improve their fitness. 

This user in particular is not motivated much by motivational quotes, but from social pressure and support. In a team sport, there is the guarantee that you can rely on other people to keep you caught up and on track. Some fitness workouts do not fully implement a social aspect, and are more targeted towards peoples' individual goals. This does not address the motivational factor required to keep people on track towards their fitness goals.

Finally, I learned that the trustworthiness of a website comes from the design, and that users who use a cluttered, or messy website are less inclined to stick to those workouts. Something that is organized and easily accessible is important to these users.

Some things I would improve on in the future is to remember to start the recording transcription in the beginning. I did not remember until halfway so I have to relisten to the recording and then transcribe it. I would also be more prepared for my user to not fully fit the target user idea in my mind, and be prepared to ask other questions related to my topic but also unique to my user. 
